-: Welcome back, in the previous step, we have stopped here
at the access denied exception area, right?
So whenever we are trying to log
into easier with get login access denied, we are getting it.
So why?
Why? Because the code build role, whatever we have created
as part of this section doesn't have access
to elastic container registry, right?
So let's go back here.
So update code
build role to have access to ECR, which is full access.
Okay? So our code build role mostly should be this way.
Why? Because whatever the name
we have user to create the stuff, right?
So in those lines it should be like this
but we really don't need to worry about that.
So what we'll do is we'll go here and we'll go
to phase details and in pre-build phase it failed.
So be at this section it is telling us very clearly.
So now we'll go to environmental variables
you can see whatever it is set and build details, okay?
And if you see here, here is the role you can find, right?
So code build EKS, DevOps, CB four pipe service role, right?
So I'll click on that role
it'll open in a new window with IAM, right?
So this is my code build EKS DevOps CB role, right?
I'm going to attach a policy.
So whatever I said here
which is Amazon EC two container registry full access, okay?
And I will say that
and it should be there and attach the policy, right?
So now this related error, whatever we are seeing, right?
So this should go and then we need to move
to the next step in our build.
So let's go ahead and then do that.
Now. So to do that we need to make a change
and then trigger the pipeline again, right?
So there are two ways to do it, okay?
So one is you can trigger the pipeline from there
or you can go here and then select the pipeline
and then say release change.
Okay? Release change will detect the most recent changes
in your location and then release your change.
Okay? So I'll say release and we run the pipeline
immediately. So there are no changes, but what
is going to happen, we are going to see, right?
If you see here the pipeline source completed
and then immediately build started.
Okay? So we said release change only.
Okay? So we'll go here and then
one more time we are going to
see what's going to happen at which step it is
going to fail.
And one more time also it is going to fail
because one more change we are supposed to do
from roles perspective.
So we'll see what is that?
We have created this core build role, but for this core
build role automatically created as part of core pipeline.
So it doesn't have this Amazon EC two resist full access.
So we have given that, but still it'll fail
because there is one more thing happen here, right?
So as part of our build spector yaml
so we are also going to assume a role here, right?
So which is role EKSSCTL role ARN, right?
So here we are going to assume this role, right?
For if our code builder have this role
then only code builder has this role
then only it can assume this respective role
and perform these operations but currently doesn't have.
So it's going to fail.
So let's see, once it is failed
we are going to see what happened, right?
So submitted queue and then promoting is happening.
So let's wait for it to get to the next level.
So it's running, running.
So if you see here AWS version is completed
and let's wait for the next steps now.
So running login to Amazon ECR
ECR get login got succeeded, right?
So some warning what login got succeeded
and then we are moving to the next steps, right?
So it is going to do the DACA build.
So it is doing the DACA build now
right in the build phase
it is doing the DACA build and build a completed
and it is running the post build a command
which is nothing but is trying to push the image
to the ECR repository and then it successfully pushed it.
So image push to ECR got completed.
So you can see EKS DevOps NIKS 2027101122.
So it means like all the means like date and then time
and then also the code builder revision version.
All these details it has provided
for its tag for this respective image
and then it push it successfully and now comes here.
The failure and error access denied for this section
AWS STS assumed role.
So it is failing with access denied when
calling the assumed role operation from code bill.
So code bill doesn't have the assumed role for this.
So it is failing.
So let it fail before that, before fixing this
we'll move and then see our version
what our ECR elastic container registry about the
this respective image, whatever starts
with FC 93 push you to our ECR container right?
So ECR registry, so elastic container registry
open it and go to our DevOps engines page means like EKS
DevOps engine related repository, open it and our FC 93
this got pusher just now, right?
So that's good.
So which means the first part of thing is working.
So the push has been worker successfully.
So which is nothing, but, so this part is succeeded.
So code build has built it and then pushed it to the ECR
So this part is completed.
Now code will need to go here and then push the same thing
means like push the manifest to the EKS cluster.
So it need to do that.
So let's go ahead and then fix that in our next step.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.